# National Immigration Law Center (NILC) Priorities

Our contact at the NILC has laid out the following issues as priority needs to support their work. Use the direct quotes below to start brainstorming possible solutions:

1. A secure way for us to communicate with each other within NILC. Like a mobile app that would not require us to be sitting at our computers. Something like Slack came to mind, but some thought that maybe we need something more secure. The email chains are cumbersome and often times dizzying and easy to lose track of. As I mentioned to Jonathon, I have been developing an internal site that does have a "forum" page where staff can have group conversations, but this would be more like WhatsApp where you could have a group or just send a single message.

2. A way to track all of the contacts that are coming to us. It's really a bit overwhelming and we don't have a centralized place to put this information. Ive sent out google forms to get staff to input the info of the lawyers, volunteers, congressional contacts, and (most importantly) individuals affected by these policies. But our staff is overwhelmed and it's unrealistic for them to stop and input contact info into a form. So, for now the make shift solution is to have them simply forward emails to me and I put them in a folder. Alas, I am also overwhelmed and working crazy long hours, so this is not sustainable either. Our plan at the moment is to have an intern help me get the info organized but honestly I need help with the best way to do that.
